# 23 10 21- Plan

I believe we can finish the circuit analysis by then. So we can put a version on arxiv that describes sequence continuation circuits. There is also a part of the paper about "model editing" that I think would need more time, given that model editing is much more complicated and we haven't started looking into its various aspects.

Would it be possible to put a version on arxiv that is about the circuit analysis, and then edit this arxiv version later to add model editing (perhaps it has to be done before anonymity period of nov 15th?) Or if model editing cannot be done by then, to split it to a second paper extending this paper's results (but hint that we will continue it in future work?)

The two main parts of the circuit analysis now are:

1. The simple fwd-backwd pruning technq (removing one head at a time and checking if it makes a performance difference over a threshold) I used to find the circuits often finds different results based on the removal ordering, perhaps implying that it's combinations of components that depend on each other that matters. For instance, head A or B by themselves may not be impt, but A and B together are. But there are many reasons why consistent circuits aren't found. The path patching threshold is also "subjective". However, I think that current circuit analysis largely doesn't find consistent circuits anyways, just approximate "most important". So though I have been working on this for a while as I thought it was crucial, it may not be as important as other papers still aren't as "objective" for circuits?
2. Trying to connect head components into a circuit better in terms of functionality, like the IOI circuit. This would require trying ablation via their specific token positions (found via info movement). I will focus on this now over the first issue as it seems more feasible to get results here. Once this is done we can put it on arxiv.
3. Model editing: I will try to do as much as I can for this before it's on arxiv, I think this is impt because it says *why* it's important to have shared circuits. Just showing we have shared circuits is an "interesting result" but not really as important as saying "knowing them has safety consequences when applying techniques".

So I spent a lot of time on (1), but now I will move to (2) and I think focusing (3) is more impt than (1). I think we will have to edit the arxiv version as (3) would take longer.

(Also to note is that model editing doesn't require knowing anything about the circuits, but the circuits explain why an edit on A would have a specific effect on B, essentially showing that it makes it possible to better/approximately predict how editing A would have side effects on B. We also don't have proof we can do this but my hypothesis is that, given similar yet different enough tasks, this will be possible)

Actually on second thought we can just show that ablation on one circuit for task A effects task B, given the overlap in their circuits. We don't need model editing (yet), editing is more sophisticated. But I suppose this can be called something like "circuit" entanglement, though that word is usually reserved for feature vectors

So just ablation with effects across tasks can be done for the arxiv paper

So instead of editing a next circuit to become a prev circuit, we have: The ablation changes it in an analogous way based on what is predicted. Can we knockout the ability to predict next is we knockout 9.1? Are there backups?